Eudora: [reading a book] Just in that moment, the ugly little frog looked up with his sad, round eyes and pleaded: "Oh, please, dear princess, Only a kiss from you can break this terrible spell, that was inflicted on me by a wicked witch."

Charlotte La Bouff: [whisper] There comes my favorite part.

Eudora: And the beautiful princess was so moved by his desperate plea, that she stooped down, picked up the slippery creature, leaned forward, raised him to her lips, and kissed that little frog. Than the frog was transformed into a handsome prince. They were married and lived happily ever after. The end.

Charlotte: Yay! Read it again, read it again!

Eudora: Sorry Charlotte, it’s time for us to be headin’ home. Say good night, Tiana.

Tiana: There is no way, in this whole wide world I would ever, ever, ever, I mean never kiss a frog. Yuck!

Charlotte: Is that so? (Puts a frog hood on a cat) Well, here's your prince charming, Tia. Come on, kiss him.

Tiana: No!

Charlotte: Kiss him!

Tiana: Stop it!

Charlotte: [Shoving cat in Tiana's face] Kiss him, kiss him, kiss him!

Tiana: I won’t, I won’t, I won’t!

Charlotte: I would do it. I would kiss a frog. I would kiss a hundred frogs, if I could marry a prince and be a princess.

(Charlotte kissed the cat and it shot up in the air and the girls burst into laughter.)

Eurora: You girls, stop tormentin’ that poor little kitty! (Puts the cat back down to solid ground) Poor little thing...

Eli Big Daddy La Bouff: Evenin’ Eudora!

Charlotte: Daddy, Daddy, look at my new dress! Isn’t it pretty?

Big Daddy: Hah, hah, look at you. Why, I’d expect nothin’ less from the finest seamstress in New Orleans.

Charlotte: Uuh, I want that there.

Big Daddy: Oh, no sugar come on.

Charlotte: I want that one. Please, please, please, please!

Big Daddy: Eudora. You suppose you can web something up like that?

Eurora: Anything for my best customer.

Charlotte: Yay!

Eurora: Come along, Tiana. Your Dad should be home from work by now.

Big Daddy: All right, now, princess, you gettin’ that drift but that’s it. No more Mr. Pushover. [pulls a puppy of nowhere] Now who wants a puppy?

Charlotte: I do! I do! He’s so cute!

(Tiana and her mother, Eudora boarded a cart back to their home. Later on, Tiana is helping her father with dinner.)

Tiana's father James: Mmm, gumbo smells good, Tiana.

Tiana: I think it’s done, Daddy.

James: Yeah. Are you sure?

Tiana: Mm-hmm.

James: Absolutely positive?

Tiana: Yes!

James: Okay, I’m about to put this spoon in my …

Tiana: Wait! (Puts something in it and takes a taste test) Done. (Her father taste-tested it) What?

James: Well, sweetheart … This is the… The best gumbo I’ve ever tasted. Come here. Eudora, our little girl’s got a gift.

Eudora: I coulda have told you that.

James: A gift this special just gotta be shared.

Tiana: Hey everybody, I made gumbo.

Uuuh, that’s smells good

I got some hush puppies, Tiana.

Here I come!

James: You know the thing about good food? It brings folks together from all walks of life. It warms them right up and it puts little smiles on their faces. And when I open up my own restaurant, I tell you, people are gonna lined up for miles around, just to get a taste of my food.

Tiana: Our food!

James: That’s right, baby. Our food.

Tiana: Daddy, look.

James: Where’re you goin’?

Tiana: Charlotte’s faity tale book said, if you make a wish on evening star it’s sure to come true.

Eudora: Hmmh, won’t you wish on that star, sweetheart?

James: Yes, you wish and you dream with all your little heart. But you remember Tiana that, that old star can only take you part of a way. You got to help him with some hard work of your own. And then… Yeah, you can do anything you said you mind to. Just promise your Daddy one thing? That you’ll never, ever lose sign what is really important. Okay?

Eudora: See you in the morning, baby cakes.

James: Get some sleep.

[After her parents left, Tiana looked at the stars,]

Tiana: Please, please, please.

(She sees a frog and when it croaked, she screams and runs out of her room. A few years later, Tiana grew up and began working.)

Well Miss Tiana, rough night for tips but every little penny counts. Don’t you worry, Daddy … We’ll be there soon.

(Tiana flops down on her bed and falls asleep, until her alarm clock rings and she gets ready for more hard work.)

Goodnight Cal’s, good morning Duke’s.

In the South Land there’s a city

Way down on the river Where the women are very pretty And all the men deliver They got music it’s always playin’ Start in the day time go all through the night when you hear that music playin’ Hear what I’m saying and make it feel alright Grab somebody, come on down Bring your paintbrush, we’re painting the town Oh there’s some sweetness going around Catch it down in New Orleans We got magic, good and mase Make it happen, make it real, say If anything you want is lose what you have Down here in New Orleans Hey partner, don’t be shy Come on down here and give us a try You wanna do some livin’ before you die Do it down in New Orleans Stalee homes and mansions Of the sugar darns and cotton candy Rich people, old people, all got dreams … Dreams do come true in New Orleans.

Order up!

Another coffee here, sug’ .

Comin’ right up, Virgil.

Hey, Tiana!

Morning, Georgia!

Hi, how are you doin’ Tiana?

Hey y’all!

We all goin’ out dancin’ tonight. Care to join us?

Yeah, c’mon, Tiana, you could use a little hand. It’s Mardi Gras.

No, I got two left feet. Besides I’m gonna… You need a napkin, sweetheart? I’m gonna work a double shift tonight… Here you are, cakes.

- You know, so I…

- You can save for your restaurant. I know, I know. Girl! All you ever do is work!

Buford: Order up!

Tiana: Maybe next time!

I told y’all she wouldn’t come.

Buford: Are you talkin’ ‘bout that dang restaurant again?

- Buford, your eggs are burnin’.

- You ain’t never gonna get enough for the dang payment.

- I’m gettin’ close.

- Yeah. How close?

- Where my flapjacks?

Hah, hah! You got about as much chance of gettin’ that restaurant as I do of winnin’ the Kentucky Derby. Saddle me up, y’all and pump that…

(As Buford pretends he’s in the Kentucky Derby, Eli Big Daddy La Bouff comes in.)

- Mornin’, Mr. La Bouff.

- Good mornin’, Tiana!

Congratulations on bein’ voted king of the Mardi Gras parade.

Caught me completely by surprise … for the fifth year in a row. (Laughs). Now, how about I celebrate with…

Beignets? Got me a fresh batch just waitin’ for you.

Well, keep ‘em comin’ ‘til I pass out.

(Just at that moment, Charlotte came in.)

- Oh Tia! Tia, Tia, Tia!!

- Charlotte?!

-Did you get the news? Tell her, oh tell her Big Daddy.

- Oh, yeah. Prince Naveen …

- Prince Naveen of Maldonia is coming to New Orleans. Isn’t it the bee’s knees? Tell her what you did, Big Daddy. Tell her!

- Well, I invited …

- Daddy invited the prince to a masquerade.Volcanized! Tell her what else you did Big Daddy. Go on.

- And he stay…

- And he stay … And he stay in our house as my personal guest. Oh, Lottie, that’s swell. A little worthy advice: My Mom always said that the quicks way to a man’s heart is through his stomach.

- That’s it.

- What just happened? Oh, Tia, you are Bonafide genius. I’m gonna need about five hundred of your man-catching beignets for my ball tonight. Let’s get it Daddy. Will this many cover it? Well? This should cover it just fine, Lottie. This is it! I’m gettin’ my restaurant. Tonight my prince is finally coming. And I’ll show his happy and not let him go.

FENNER BROS. REALTY FOR SALE Everything looks pita pa key , Mr. Fenner. - And. .. Mr. Fenner. - We have all the paperwork ready to sign, - for this thing at Mardi Gras . - I do you one better, why we don’t sign tonight when i see you all at the La Bouff masquerade ball. You got the whole bargain, Tiana.

Table for one, please.

Oh, Mama.

Here is a little something to.. help you get started.

Daddy’s gumbo pot.

I know. I miss him too. Well now… Hurry up and open the door.

Just look at it, Mama. Doesn’t just make you wanna cry?

Yes.

The main D. gonna be right where you are stayin’. And over here, a gourmande kitchen. And hang up from the ceiling a big, old crystal chandelier.

You are your Daddy’s daughter, all right. He used to go on and on about this old sugar mill too. Baby cakes, I’m sure, this place is gonna be just wonderful. But it’s a shame you’re working so hard.

But how can I let it now when I’m so close. I got to make sure all that hard work means something.

Tiana! Your Daddy may not have gotten place you always wanted but he had something better. He had love. And that’s all I want for you, sweetheart. To me you and prince charming end dance out until y’all happily ever after.

I don’t have time for dancing.

That’s just gonna have to wait a while

How long we’re talkin’ about here?

Ain’t got time for messing around And it’s not my style

I want some grandkids.

This whole town can slow you down People taking the easy way But I know exactly where I’m going And getting closer, closer, every day And I’m almost there I’m almost there People down here think I’m crazy, but I don’t care Tribes and tribulations have had my share There ain’t nothing gonna stop me now cause I’m almost there I remember Daddy told me: Fairytales can come true You gotta make ‘em happen it all depends on you So I work real hard each and every day Now things for sure are going my way Just doing what I do Look out boys I’m coming through And I’m almost there I’m almost there People gonna come here from everywhere And I’m almost there, I’m almost there There’s been tribes and tribulations You know I’ve had my share But I’ve climbed the mountain, I’ve crossed the river And I’m almost there, I’m almost there I’m almost there!

(Song ends as they leave the old abandoned sugar mill. Meanwhile, Lawrence was looking for Prince Naveen.)

Excuse me!

You need a hand in there, buddy?

Achedanza…

Lawrence: Sire, I've been looking for you everywhere!

Naveen: Oh, what a coincidence, Lawrence! I've been avoiding you everywhere!

Lawrence: We're going to be late for the masqu...

Naveen: Listen, Lawrence! Listen! Oh! [cut to various jazz musicians] Jazz! Jazz music! It was born here! It's beautiful, no?

? No. Oh, dance with me, fat man. Get loose, Lawrence.

We supposed to be at La Bouff’s estate by now.

Yes, yes, yes. But first … I buy everyone here a drink.

(Everyone cheers.)

With what? At this point you have two choices: Woo and marry richa lady or … Get a job.

All right, fine but first… We dance.

This is idiocy. For someone who can’t see his feet, you’re very light on them! It’s perfect. You’re finally getting into the music! Do you get my joke? Because your head is, it is in the tuba!

Get me out!

All right. Hold on.

Degrading. I never been so humiliated.

Hello?

Gentlemen. Enchantée. A tip of the hat from Dr. Facilier. How y’all doin’?

Tarot readings, charms, potions … Dreams made real! - Achedanza! (Cool)

Were I a betting man…And I’m not, - I stay away from games of chance… - Sir! - I’d wager… I’m in the company of visiting royalty.

Lawrence, Lawrence! This remarkable gentleman has just read my palm!

Or this morning’s newspaper? Sir, this chap is obviously a charlatan. - I suggest we move on to a less…

Don’t you disrespect me little man!. Don’t you derogate or deride! You’re in my world now, Not your world And I’ve got friends on the other side! He’s got friends on the other side… That’s just an echo, gentlemen. Just a little somethin’ we have here in Louisiana, a little parlor trick. Don’t worry…. Sit down at my table Put your minds at ease If you relax it will enable me to do anything I please I can read your future I can change it ‘round some, too I’ll look deep into your heart and soul (you do have a soul, don’t you, Lawrence?) Make your wildest dreams come true! I got voodoo, I got hoodoo, I got things I ain’t even tried! And I got friends on the other side. He’s got friends on the other side… The cards, the cards, the cards will tell The past, the present, and the future as well The cards, the cards, just take three Take a little trip into your future with me! Now you, young man, are from across the sea You come from two long lines of royalty (I’m a royal myself on my mother’s side) Your lifestyle’s high But your funds are low You need to marry a little honey whose daddy got dough Mommy and daddy cut you off, huh playboy? -Yeah, sad but true. Now y’all gotta get hitched, but hitchin’ ties you down. You just wanna be free. Hop from place to place. But freedom… takes green! It’s the green, it’s the green, it’s the green you need And when I looked into your future It’s the green that I see! On you little man, I don’t want to waste much time You been pushed around all your life You been pushed around by your mother and your sister and your brother. And if you was married… You’d be pushed around by your wife But in your future, the you I see It’s exactly the man you always wanted to be! Shake my hand. Come on, boys Won’t you shake the poor sinner’s hand? -Are you ready? -Are you ready? -Are you ready? -Transformation central! -Transformation central! -Reformation central! -Reformation central! Transmogrification central! Can you feel it? You’re changin’, You’re changin’ You’re changin’, all right! I hope you’re satisfied But if you ain’t Don’t blame me You can blame my friends on the other side! You got what you wanted! But you lost what you had! Hush… Ah, Senator Johnson! Hey, Jimmy. I hope you leavin’ some of the beignets so you can stitch once. No, pipe and hot. Stella, excuse me… Stella, no, no. Okay, but just one.

[At the costume party, Charlotte is anxiously waiting for Naveen and warding off the advances of a young man named Travis]

Travis: But Miss Charlotte, you said "later" 2 hours ago!

Charlotte: [exasperated] Travis, when a woman says "later", she really means "not ever"! Now, run along. There are plenty of young fillies dyin' for you to waltz them into a stupor. [After a disappointed Travis walks away, Charlotte rushes over to Tiana's table and grabs as many napkins as she can] GIMME THEM NAPKINS, QUICK!

Tiana: [confused] What on Earth for?

Charlotte: [stuffs the napkins inside the sleeves and neckline of her dress] I swear I am sweatin' like a sinner in church!

Oh, Tia, is gettin’ to be so late. - There’s still a few stragglers. This is a failure. Tia, my prince is never comin’. - Now, Lottie… - I never get anything I wish for! Lottie, wait! - Just calm down and take a deep… - Maybe I just got to wish harder. Please, please, please please, please … Lottie, you can’t just wish on a star expecting … Ladies and gentlemen! His Royal Highness, Prince Naveen. Good Evening, Tiana. Marvelous party

. Evening, Mr. Fenner. And. .. Mr. Fenner. - I’m smelling meanies. - Gonna be the House specialty, once I signed those papers you’re brought. -Yes … -About that… - You were outbid. - What? The fella came in offering a full amount of cash. Less you can tap his offer by Wednesday. You can kiss that place goodbye. You know how long it took me to save that money? Exactly! Which is why a little woman of your background … woulda had a hands full, trying to run a big business like that. You better off, will y’all, yeah! - No, wait a minute! - No more meanies, no! No. .. hold on a minute! You..you come back!

Tia, time to get prince charmed with those man-catchin’ being… What happened?

I. .. I …just.

Oh, you poor dear.

Charlotte: Oh, Prince Naveen, We will be right back, sugar. I got just a dress for you. Oh, Tia, honey, did you see the way he danced with me? A marriage proposal, can be far behind. Thank you, Evening star! You know, I was taught to think that wishing on stars was just for… Babies an’ crazy people. Look at you! Aren’t you just as pretty as a magnolia in May? Seems like only yesterday we were … Both little girls, dreaming our fairy tales dreams. And tonight they’re finally coming true! Well…back into the fray! Wish me luck. Oh, Naveen

Tiana:[Singing] Almost… Almost there People would come here from everywhere I was almost…there...

[Tiana looked above from the stars.]

Tiana: I can not believe I’m doing this. Please… Please… Please!

[After a while, she spotted a frog on the rail and gasps.]

Tiana: Very funny. So, what now? I reckon you want a kiss?

Naveen: Kissing would be nice, yes? [Tiana screams] I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I did not mean to scare you, I… Wait, no , no… Wait, wait, wait, hold on. You know, you have a very strong arm, princess. Ok, please! Put the monkey down.

Tiana: Stay back, or I’ll… I’ll…

Naveen: Please, please, please… Ah, oh well…allow me to introduce myself: I’m Prince Naveen. … of Maldonia.

Tiana: Prince? But I didn’t wish for any… Hold on, if you’re the prince, then… then who was that waltzing with Lottie on the dance floor?

Naveen: All I know, is one minute I am a prince, charming and handsome, cutting-a-rug, and the next thing I know, …I am tripping over these. Wait, wait, wait… Wait! I know this story! Di Frogie Prutto!

Tiana: The Frog Prince?

Naveen: Yes, yes, yes… My mother had the servants read this to me every night. Yes, yes… this is exactly the answer! You must kiss me!

Tiana: Excuse me?

Naveen: You will enjoy it, I guarantee. All women enjoy the kiss… of Prince Naveen. Come, we pucker. That’s new.

Tiana: Look, I’m sorry. I’d really like to help you, but I just… Do not kiss frogs.

Naveen: Wait a second! But…On the balcony, you ask me…

Tiana: I didn’t expect you to answer!

Naveen: Oh, but you must kiss me. Look, besides being unbelievably handsome, I also happened to come from a fabulously wealthy family. Surely, I can offer you some type of reward or a wish I could grant perhaps… Yes?

Tiana: Just… One kiss?

Naveen: Just one. Unless you beg for more.

Tiana: Ok Tiana, you can do this… Just a little kiss, just a little kiss. Ok! You don’t look there much different. But how did you get way up there? And how did I get way down here, in all this… (Gasps) AAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!

Naveen: Easy princess, do not panic!

Tiana: What did you do to me? I…I’m green and I’m…and I’m slimy!

Naveen: No, no, no … This is not slime.

Tiana: What?

Naveen: You’re secreting mucus.

Tiana: You...You....

[Tiana tackled Naveen and they both got kicked out of the mansion.]

Big Daddy: Hey Stella! Get them frogs!

Naveen: Run!

Tiana: I can’t run, I’m a frog!

Naveen: Then hop! Calm boy, calm you monster dog!

En garde!

Naveen: Look out! Get out of the way.

Tiana: Where are we going?

Naveen: Excuse me!

Tiana: I can’t see a thing.

Naveen: Me neither, can I?

Tiana: Wait, Stella…

Naveen: Going up!

Tiana: Stella, it’s me, Tiana!

Dog: Tiana?

Tiana: Stella just talked to me! The dog just spoke to me!

Naveen: You know, if you are going to let every little thing bother you… It’s going to be very long night!

[Lawrence, disguised as Naveen, runs into his guest house to find the real Naveen gone]

Lawrence: [gasp] Oh, dear. [Dr. Facilier silently appears behind him] Oh! You're so quiet.

Dr. Facilier: You let him go?!

Lawrence: The poor devil's gasping, so I'd loosened the lid, ever so slightly... [gets tripped by Facilier's shadow, who laughs maliciously] How did I ever get tangled up this voodoo madness? I can't get through with this! [removes the talisman, changing into his true form] You wear this-this ghastly thing! [throws the talisman to Facilier]

Dr. Facilier: [catches the talisman] CAREFUL WITH THAT!!! ANYTHING HAPPENS TO THIS, I'M GONNA BE...! [pauses as Lawrence quivers with fear; sighs and calms down] Fun fact about voodoo, Larry... [puts on the talisman; nothing happens] ...can't conjure a thing for myself. Besides, you and I both know the real power in this world ain't magic. It's money! Buckets of it.

[Thunder rumbles]

Lawrence: That's true.

Dr. Facilier: Aren't you tired of living on the margins? While all those fat cats in their fancy cars don't give you so much as a sideways glance?

Lawrence: Yes... I am.

Dr. Facilier: All you gotta do is marry Big Daddy's little princess... [puts the talisman back on Lawrence] And we'll be splittin' that juicy Le Buoff fortune right down the middle... 60-40, like I said.

Lawrence: Hmm... yeah. But uh... what about Naveen?

Dr. Facilier: Your little SLIP-UP... will be a minor bump in the road. So long as we got the prince's blood in this.

Lawrence: [chuckles] Yes...

(Meanwhile...)

Tiana: Voodoo? You mean to tell me this all happened because you were messing with the Shadow Man?

Naveen: He was very charismatic!

Tiana: It serves me right for wishing on stars. The only way to get what you want in this world is through hard work.

Naveen: Hard work? Why… why would a princess need to work hard?

Tiana: Huh? Oh, I’m not a princess. I’m a waitress.

Naveen: A waitress? Well, no wonder the kiss did not work! You lied to me!

Tiana: I…I never said I was a princess.

Naveen: You never said you were a w… a waitress! You were wearing a crown.

Tiana: It was a costume party, you spoiled little rich boy.

Naveen: Oh, oh yes, oh ye? Well, the egg is on your face, alright, because I do not have any riches!

Tiana: What?

Naveen: I am completely broke. (Laughs until he hears balloons popping) Uh oh!

(The balloons pop and they fell in the bayou.)

Tiana: You said … you were fabulously wealthy!

Naveen: No, no, no. My parents are fabulously wealthy. But they cut me off for being a… Leech! Leech!

Tiana: You’re broke, and you had the gall to call me a liar?

(A fish jumps out and they ran away.)

Naveen: It was not a lie! I fully inte… (sees a bird and they ran off) Aaah! I fully intend to be rich again! Once I marry Miss Charlotte La Bouff’ and she will help me!

Tiana: You a prince?

Naveen: Obviously!

Tiana: She’ll help you! (They slide down and landed on what looked like logs) All right then. once you two are married, you are gonna keep your promise and get me my restaurant, right?

Naveen: Whoa, oh, not so fast. I made that promise to a beautiful princess, not a cranky wai… Why are those logs moving?

Tiana: Those aren’t logs...

Alligator: I got glimpse on a big one.

C’mon, come here!

Come here you tasty one mussel! Where did they go?

Naveen: Lower the vine.

Tiana: Find your own tree.

There he is.

I’ve seen him! I’ve seen him!

Naveen: Okay, help me get out of this swamp and once I married Charlotte, I shall get you your restaurant.

You gonna taste so good you wasted invaluable rat!

Naveen: Quick, quick, pull me up!

Alligator: You can hop but you can’t hide.

Alligator: We got all night!

Naveen: Well, waitress, looks like we going to be here for a while. So we may as well get … comfortable.

Tiana: Take your slimes away from me.

Naveen: I’ve told you … It is not slime! It is mucus!

(The next morning.)

Tiana: Rise and shine, Sleeping Beauty. Gators are gone. We got to get back to New Orleans and undo this mess you got us into.

Naveen: I was not the one parading around with your phony baloney tiara. Music de paddle bil.

Tiana: Could use a little help!

Naveen: I will play a little louder.

Tiana: How about a little less piggin’ and a …

(They noticed an alligator coming their way.)

I know that tune! Dippermouth Blues.

(Louis plays his trumpet.)

Naveen: Play it, brother!

(Naveen joins Louis as they make music together.)

Louis: Where you’ve been all my life?!

Naveen: Where did you learn to play like that?

Louis: Well, the Bajou’s is the best jazz school in the world. All the greats play the riverboats. Oh, Louis give anything to be up there jammin’ with the big boys.

Naveen: So why don’t you?

Louis: Oh, I tried once. (A flashback shows Louis boarding a riverboat, until the people got scared and he dove into the water) It didn’t end well.

Tiana: It is been a real pleasure meetin’ you, Louis. And thank you for coming and for not eatin’ us. We best be on our way.

Louis: Where are you goin’?

Tiana: To find somebody to break the spell.

Louis: What spell?

Naveen: Brace yourself, my skilly friend, We are not frogs … We are humans.

Louis: What? (rolls on the ground laughing uncontrollably) You are serious?

Naveen: I am Naveen, Prince of Maldonia. And she is Tiana, the waitress. Do not kiss her.

Tiana: Now just a second. This goon here got himself turned into a frog by a voodoo man and now …

Louis: Voodoo? Like the kind Mama Odie do.

Naveen: Mama, hoodie?

Louis: Mama Odie. She is the voodoo queen of the Bajou. She got magic and spells of kind a voodoo .

Both: Could you take us to her?

Louis: To the deepest, darkest part of a Bayou?? Facing raser sharks, prick ambushers, and trappers, and hunters with guns? No.

Naveen: Watch and learn. Louis, that’s too bad we can not help you with your dream. If only you were smaller… less toothy. You can play jazz to adoring crowd without scaring them. Anyway, enjoy your loneliness, my friend! Abenaza.

Tiana: Cute, but it’s not gonna…

Lauis: Hey guys, I just had me a crazy idea. What about if I ask Mama Odie to turn me human?

Naveen: Louis, you are a genius.

Lauis: Hallelujah!

If I were a human being I’d head straight for New Orleans and I’d blow this horn so hot and strong like no one they’d ever seen Louis Armstrong, Mister Sydney Bechet All the boys gonna step aside when they hear this old Alligator play Listen! When I’m human as I hope to be I’m gonna blow this horn till the cows come home and everyone’s gonna bow down to me! Thank you! Thank you! Aw, thank you! I love you too baby!

When I’m myself again I want just the life I had a great big party every night that doesn’t sound too bad a redhead on my left arm a brunette on my right a blonde or two to hold a candle that seem just about right Eh, Louis? Life is short when you’re done, you’re done we’re on this Earth to have some fun - and that’s the way things are

Say it, brother!

When I’m human, and I’m gonna be I’m gonna tear it up like I did before that’s a royal guarantee

Tiana: You are getting married!

Naveen: All right. I just have to leave a string of broken hearts behind me.

Your modesty becomes you and your sense of responsibility I worked hard for everything I got and that’s the way it’s supposed to be When I’m a human being at least I’ll act like one if you do your best each and every day good things are sure to come your way What you give is what you get! My daddy said that and now I’ll never forget and I amend it to you

When we’re human and we’re gonna be

I’m gonna blow my horn!

I’m gonna live the high life!

I’m gonna do my best to take my place in the sun

When we’re human!

Charlotte: Oh, Prince Naveen, dear. I am positively mortified you had to endure that frog fiasco last night.

Lawrence: Well, when you’re next in line for the throne, you’re poised like a panther, ready to expect the unexpected.

Charlotte: Y-your ear?

Lawrence: What? Oh, there’s pesky mosquitoes… everywhere. Get in here! Please, Miss Charlotte, I can no longer ignore the throbbing of my… Heart. Even though our time together’s been brief, it’s been heavenly.

Charlotte: Land sakes Prince Naveen, You got me blushin’ ‘til I…

Lawrence: Would you do me the honor of becoming Princess of Maldonia?

Charlotte: Are you serious?

Lawrence: As the plague.

Charlotte: Yes! Oh, I most definitely will marry you! Oh, there’s so much to plan! The guest list! The dress! The music! The flowers! The shoes! We’re gonna have ourselves a Mardi Gras weddin’!

[Once Charlotte was gone, Facilier looked at the tailsman once it had lost it's disguising spell]

Facilier: No!

Lawerence: What we do now?

Dr. Facilier: Because somebody let our frog prince go, Larry … I’m reduced to ask for help from my friends on the other side.

Lous: Now, that restaurant of yours, is it gonna have étouffée?

Tiana: Jambalaya, gumbo …It’s gonna have it all!

Louis: I always wanted to try red beans and rice, - Muffulettas, po’ boys…

Naveen: Stop Louis. You two are making me so very hungry. Interesting.

Tiana: What are you doing?

Naveen: You are frightening the food. This is harder than it looks.

Tiana: What? Oh, no! No, no, no! There is no way I’m kissing a frog and eating a bug on the same day. Ah! No no no.

Naveen: Hello.

Tiana: Hold stil!

Naveen: You are making this very difficult.

Louis: Y’all found anything to eat yet, ah? Oh, my! Hang on. Old Louis gotta comin’. No, no, no, no … How’s that?

Tiana: This could be a little better.

Louis: You know what this needs? A shaft stick! Be right back!

Tiana: This is all your fault!

Naveen: My fault… my fault … Let me tell you something. I was…

Well, look at you! Girl, I guess you and your boyfriend got a little carried away, am I right, am I right? - No, no, no, that’s not possible! - … I am the prince of Maldonia! Let me shine a little light on the situation. ‘cuse me. One more time now. That’s cool. Oh, it’s ok baby, I’m not gonna explode me. I ain’t no fire cracka! Got my big butt roundness. Right. Women like a man with big back porch. Oh you know… You are done this a real goof of somethin’. Nobody’s going to help? - Oh, dear! - Hang on, cap’. I’m just.. Get the noise comin’ out. I’ll catch the fish. Get one, get two. Aroun’ a fishing time

Ray: ‘Bout time I introduce myself. My name Raymond, but everybody call me Ray..

Naveen: Pardon me, but your accent… It’s funny, you know?

Ray: Oh, I'm Cajun, bruh. Born branded the Bayou. You must be a new around here, ah?

Naveen: Actually, we’re from the place … Far, far away from this world.

Ray: Go to bed. Y’all from Shreveport?

Naveen: No, no, no. We are people!

Tiana: The prince charming here got himself turned into a frog by a voodoo witch doctor.

Ray: Well, there you go.

Tiana: And we are on a way to Mama Odie’s, we think maybe she could…

Ray: Mama Odie? Ya'll headin’ the wrong direction, chere. Now what kinda chucklehead told y’all to go thisa way?

Louis: [appears, holding a stick] I found the stick!

Tiana: Louis … Ray here says you’ve been taking us in the wrong direction.

Louis: I was …listen, I was confused by the topography and… The geography and choreography.

Ray: First rule the Bayou. Never take the rescue from a gator. Me and my relations those will help you yard the way.

Naveen: Achedanza! (Cool).

Ray: Hey, Cousin Randy, You are ready for the Bayou Zydeco.

Randy: Ready when you are, cousin Ray!

Ray: Alright, Lulu! Let’s get to it, darling! Come on, chere! Just follow the bouncing butt!.

We’re gonna take ya down, We’re gonna take ya down We’re gonna take ya all the way down. We’re gonna take ya down, We’re gonna take ya down We’re gonna take ya all the way. Goin’ down the bayou! Goin’ down the bayou! Goin’ down the bayou! Taking ya all the way! We got the whole family! There goes Mimi! Cousin Boudreau! Grandma Ma, you’re light on! We all gon’ pool together Down here that’s how we do! Me for them, and them for me, We all be there for you! We’re gonna take ya, We’re gonna take ya We’re gonna take ya all the way down We know where yer going and we’re going with you Taking you all the way Goin’ down the bayou! Goin’ down the bayou! Goin’ down the bayou! Take ya all…. Yeah, you know! Come on y’all! Keep that life flowin’, and them lights a’glowin! Yeah, you’re right!

Dr. Facilier: Friends, I know I’m in hack to you all pretty deep already, but it seems or little froggy prince lost his way. And I need your generous assistance getting him back. Hahaha, I hear you. Now, what’s in it for you? Well… As soon as I dispose of Big Daddy La Bouff, then I’m gonna run this town. I’ll have the entire city of New Orleans in the palm of my hand. And you’ll have all the wayward souls your dark little hearts desire. You all love that, don’t you? So, we got ourselves a deal? Hahaha! Now we’re cooking! We’re gonna find ourselves a frog. Search everywhere: The bayou, the quarter… bring him to me alive. I need his heart pumping… For now. Allez, tout de suite!

Ray: Ray will take you the rest of way!

Tiana: Nice meetin’ you all!

Louis: Bye, Bye pooky!

Ray: Adieu, bye, bye amis. And don’t forget to tell Angela that Ray said Bonjour!

Tiana: That’s your girl?

Ray: Oh, no, no, no … My girl…That's Evangeline.

Tiana: Evangeline?

Ray: She is the most prettiest butterfly ever did glow. You know, I talk to Evangeline almost every night. She is kind of shy, not say much. But I know in my heart someday we gonna be together.

Tiana: Oh, that’s so sweet.

Naveen: Yes, so sweet … Just do not settle down so quickly, friend. There are plenty of fireflies in this world. What?

Louis: Prick ambushers got me … Get down, get down! Darkness … it’s closin’ in. I’m so cold.

Ray: Will you hold still, big baby? [Louis screams] I touched you yet.

Oh, take a look at that two jumpers. I can taste the frog legs already… With a sauce picante, right Pa? Will you keep quiet! Oh, my thought is exactly the same. It’s time to catch up some frogs.

Naveen: You know, waitress, I've finally figured out what is wrong with you.

Tiana: Have you now?

Naveen: You do not know how to have fun. There. So, what do you have to say?

Tiana: Thank you. 'Cause I figured out what your problem is, too.

Naveen: I'm too wonderful? [a branch hits him]

Tiana: No. You're a no-account, philanderin', lazy bump on the log!

Naveen: [fake cough] Killjoy!

Tiana: What did you say?

Naveen: Nothing. [fake cough] Stick-in-the-mud!

Tiana: Listen here, Mister. This "stick-in-the-mud" has had to work two jobs her whole life while you've been suckin' on a silver spoon, chasing chambermaids 'round your ivory tower!

Naveen: Actually, it's polished marble.

Uh, I got me one, boys! Get the little one over there.

Reggie: The hunt was good today, yes indeed?

Louis: Hunters with guns!

Look at his big frog legs. I will mixed them…

Ray: Oh, no, no, no. A bug gotta do what a bug gotta do! I think I got chipped my favorite tooth.

Darnell: Here I come, Two Fingers, I’ll help. Pa, we got one.

Be on quiet y’all.

Darnell: What happened to yours?

Shut your preaft, Darnell. I’m free!

Darnell: Pa, did you hear that suspicious tide?

Yeah … I surely did. What you two gawking at?

Just miss it there.

I will make them pay for his insolence!.

Two Fingers! I need some help over here!

Naveen: Come on, go.

Would you stop that?

Hold still, pa.

No, no, no, you idiot, don’t shoot.

Naveen: Watch this.

Missed it!

Get out of way!

Reggie: These two ain’t like no frogs I’ve ever seen. They’re smart.

Tiana: And we talk, too.

Louis: You alright there, little bud?

Ray: Oh, I’m fine… but your breath done killed me to death!

Louis: Would you mind?

Ray: I got you cover, brah.

Louis: Ah, much obliged, PeeWee. Now how about … The other side.

Naveen: And we talk too. I like that! You are secretly funny.

Tiana: Not a stick in the mud?

Naveen: W-well I was…

Tiana: Say it.

Naveen: All right… You’re not exactly…

Tiana: I can’t hear you, I’m sorry. What?

Naveen: …a complete stick deep in the mud.

Louis: Easy! Easy!

Ray: This one's in there, ain't it? Hold on. Chere, I know we got to get to Mama Odie lickity split but … This particular extractification is going to take a while, yeah.

Tiana: Oh, poor Louis.

Louis: You know what would make me feel better? Crawfish snuged in Remoulade Sauce. Mercy!

Ray: Just a little more.

Louis: Some banana foster sprinkled with pralines.. Oh, Mama!

Tiana: How about swamp gumbo?

Louis: That’ll do.

Naveen: Sounds delicious! I’ll start with free dinner cocktail and something to nibble on, while I wait, thanks.

Tiana: No, no, no, no, Your Royal Highness. You are gonna to mince this mushrooms.

Naveen: To do what? Mince the mushrooms.

Tiana: Hop, to it!

Naveen: This is ridiculous.

Tiana: Are you mincing?

Naveen: All right … Relax.

Tiana: Step aside, Mister. Watch … And learn.

Naveen: All right.

Tiana: There you go.

Naveen: You know, I never done anything like this before.

Tiana: Really?

Naveen: All right. But, when you are livin’ in a castle everything is done for you: all the time they dress you, they feed you, drive you… Brush your teeth!

Tiana: Aw, poor baby.

Naveen: I admitted it was a charmed life, until the day my parents cut me off, and suddenly I realized… I don’t know how to do anything.

Tiana: Well hey … You’ve got to make some descent mushrooms mincer, ok?

Naveen: Oh, you think so?

Tiana: Keep practicing and I just might hire you.

Navene: Really?

Tiana: No.

Naveen: Come on … What was that?! That was below the frog belt…

Ray: You said hello and he said what. And you said: Get a ugly face in…

Tiana: Anyone for seconds?

Naveen: That was magnificent… You truly have a gift.

Tiana: Why thank you!.

Ray: There she is. The sweetest firefly of all creation.

Tiana: Evangeline?

Louis: I want to meet this girl, where she is?

Ray: How can you miss her, she glows right up there, in front of you.

Look how she lights up the sky Ma belle Evangeline

Louis: Oh, that ain’t no firefly, that’s a…

So far above me yet I Know her heart belongs to only me - J t’adore. - I adore you. - Je t’aime. - I love you. -Evangeline

Naveen: I’m just translating!

You’re my queen of the night So still, so bright To someone as beautiful as she Who loves someone like me

Tiana: No, no. I don’t dance.

Love always finds a way, it’s true

Tiana: I’ve never danced.

And I love you Evangeline

Naveen: If I can mince, you can dance.

Ray: Oooh, yeah! Love is beautiful Love is wonderful Love is everything, do you agree? Mais oui! Look how she lights up the sky I love you, Evangeline

Tiana: Ah, Lottie’s goodness for a heck of a dance partner. We best we pushin’ on.

Naveen: Tiana!

Tiana: Naveen!

Ray: No, no, no.

Mama Odie: Not bad for a 197 year old blind lady. Now, which one of you naughty children been messing with the Shadow Man?

Tiana: We so glad we found you Mama Odie. Ray and Louis here been tellin’ us all about you. We’ve been travelling quite a long way. And you can’t imagine what we’ve been through. And we… And we heard that you …

Mama Odie: Juju! Come on, over here, you bad boy. Give a little sugar now. Y'all just loves your mama, don’t you? Good to see you again, Ray. How's your Grandma?

Ray: Oh, she's fine. She got in a little trouble for flashin' the neighbors again.

Mama Odie: [Laughs warmly] I like that old gal's spunk!

Tiana: Mama Odie … We don’t want to take too much of your time.

Mama Odie: You want some candies?

Naveen: No, not really.

Tiana: No, no thank you.

Mama Odie: Well now, that’s too bad. This is a special candy. Woulda turn y’all human.

No, no, no, please.

Mama Odie: I’m just messing with y’all.

Tiana: How on earth did you know that we want to turn back…

Naveen: Mama Odie?

Mama Odie: Juju! Why didn’t you tell me my gumbo was burnin’?

Louis: You sure this is the right blind voodoo lady who lives in the boat in the tree in the bayou?

Ray: Pretty sure.

Mama Odie: I can’t believe this, got to do everythin’ around here.

Tiana: Mama Odie, if you …

Mama Odie: Taste it. Well?

Tiana: Hit it hard with a couple of shots of Tabasco, and it’s the bee’s knees! Now, can we…

Mama Odie: Juju! That’s got some zang to it. I guess that’s what we needed. Now, y'all figured out what you need?

Tiana: It’s just like you said, Mama Odie. We need to be human.

Mama Odie: Y'all ain't got hte sense you was born with! You want to be human … But you blind to what you need.

Naveen: What we want, what we need … It’s all the same thing, yes?

Mama Odie: It’s the same thing? No! You listen to your Mama now.

Don’t matter what you look like Don’t matter what you wear How many rings you got on your finger We don’t care - No we don’t care Don’t matter where you come from Don’t even matter what you are A dog, a pig, a cow, a goat Had ‘em all in here We had ‘em all in here And they all knew what they wanted What they wanted me to do I told ‘em what they needed Just like I be telling you You got to dig a little deeper Find out who you are You got to dig a little deeper It really ain’t that far When you find out who you are You’ll find out what you need Blue skies and sunshine guaranteed You got to dig - Dig You got to dig - Dig Prince Froggy is a rich little boy You wanna be rich again That ain’t gonna make you happy now Did it make you happy then? No! Money ain’t got no soul Money ain’t got no heart All you need is some self-control Make yourself a brand new start You got to dig a little deeper Don’t have far to go You got to dig a little deeper Tell the people Mama told you so Can’t tell you what you’ll find Maybe love will grant you peace of mind Dig a little deeper and you’ll know - Miss Froggy, - Ma’am ? - Might I have a word? - Yes, Ma’am. You’s a hard one, that’s what I heard Your daddy was a loving man Family through and through You your daddy’s daughter What he had in him you got in you You got to dig a little deeper For you it’s gonna be tough You got to dig a little deeper You ain’t dug near far enough Dig down deep inside yourself You’ll find out what you need Blue skies and sunshine guaranteed Open up the windows Let in the light children Blue skies and sunshine Blue skies and sunshine Blue skies and sunshine Guaranteed…

Mama Odie: Well, Miss Froggy? Do you understand what you need now, child?

Tiana: Yes! I do, Mama Odie. I need to dig a little deeper and work even harder to get my restaurant.

Ray: All right y’all, one more time. It don’t matter what you look like It don’t… Nobody goin’ to sing with Ray? Okay.

Mama Odie: Well, if you y'all are set on bein’ human, there’s only one way. Gumbo, gumbo in the pot, We need a princess. Whatcha got?!

Tiana: Lottie? But she'ss not a princess!

Mama Odie: Oh, hush up and look at gumbo!

Tiana: That’s right … Big Daddy is king of Mardi Gras parade. So, that makes Lottie… A princess.

Naveen: Does that count?

Mama Odie: Yes it does, but only ‘til midnight, when Mardi Gras is over. Hop along, you only got ‘til the end to got that princess to kiss you. Once she does … Boom! You both turn’ human.

Naveen: Midnight?

Tiana: That doesn’t give us much time at all.

Tiana: What about me, Mama? I want to be human too, so I can play jazz with the big boys. I want fingers, and toes, and a belly button, Not the kind that sticks out, but the kind that goes in…

Mama Odie: Jabber Jaws, you dig little deeper, you’ll find everythin’ you need. C’mon, C’mon, C’mon… You got a river to run here, darling. Y’all best get to swimmin’.

Louis: Wait… I’ve got a better idea.

Louis: They got guns!

Man, that is one Killer Diller costume.

Hey gator, can you blow that horn?

Come on, stay in with us, We're playing on Mardi Gras.

Ray: We can't miss this. Little Louis gonna finally play with the big boys.

Tiana: Naveen, you comin’?

Naveen: I’ll catch up with you later.

Naveen: Oh, Evangeline … why I can’t just look Tiana in the eyes and say: "I will do whatever it takes to make all your dreams come true, because … Because I love you?"

Ray: Whoa, whoa, whoa, cap’. You are makin’ googoo eyes on my girl? I will make some shoes out of you.

Naveen: Ray, I’m not in love with Evangeline. I am in love with Tiana.

Ray: I knew it, I knew it, I knew it! You come here, you…

Naveen: I can’t no longer marry Miss Charlotte La Bouff. I will find another way to get Tiana a restaurant. I’ll get job, maybe two. Maybe three?

Ray: I can’t wait to tell chere.

Naveen: No, no, no. I must tell her. Alone.

Ray: Right, you bet…

Tiana: Where are you taking me?

Naveen: Oh, I just… wanted to show you little something to celebrate our last night together as frogs.

Tiana: Oh… All my years. No one’s ever done anything like this for me.

Naveen: I - it is too much, isn’t it? Um… - Thank you, Bow.

Butterfly: I thought it was a nice touch.

Naveen: Pretend you did not see that. Please, please sit down.

Tiana: What’s this? You minced!

Naveen: I did! You have had quite an influence on me. Which is amazing because I have dated thousands of women and… No, like two, three… just other women! A-and anyway, you could not be more different! You know, you are... you are practically, one of the guys! No no no! You are not a guy! Let me begin again! Uh… Ha… I am not myself tonight. Tiana! Sorry, that was loud. This is a disaster.

Tiana: No, it’s cute.

Naveen: Tiana … I …

Tiana: There it is!

Naveen: Your restaurant?

Tiana: Oh, can you just picture it? All lit up like the Fourth of July.

Naveen: Yes, jazz pouring out from every window.

Tiana: It should be elegant.

Naveen: You should keep it loose, though. Got to let it swing.

Tiana: You know a good ukulele player?

Naveen: Really? You let me perform?

Tiana: I’ll talk to the owner … Owner says…yes. Folks are gonna be comin’ together from all walks of life just to get a taste of our food.

Naveen: Our food?

Tiana: Oh no, no, no. My Daddy… He always wanted open this restaurant. He died before he could see it happened. But tomorrow … with your help, our dreams are finally comin’ true.

Naveen: Tomorrow?

Tiana: If I don’t deliver that money first thing tomorrow, I lose this place forever.

Naveen: Tiana, I love … The way you light up when you talk about your dream. A dream that it is so beautiful I … I promise … I will do whatever it takes to make it come true.

Port of New Orleans. All ashore.

Naveen: I’ll go run up the boys.

Tiana: Evangeline … I’ve always been so sure about what i wanted. But now … What do I do? Please tell me.

Charlotte: Prince Naveen, darlin’. You better hurry up. Don’t wanna be late for our Mardi Gras weddin’.

Lawrence: Getting dressed. Just a few moments, my dear Charlotte.

Charlotte: Okay, honeylame. We’ll been waitin’ in the packwood. Daddy, start the car!

Lawrence: Oh, heavens … I’m doomed. Ow!

Dr. Facilier: No, Larry. I’m the one who’s doomed. Less me get that frog’s blood… We are back in business, boys.

Naveen: Get your filthy hands off me. Lawrence?

Hold still, Your Eminence.

Tiana: Ray. Have you seen Naveen?

Ray: Look at you, where’s the ring at?

Tiana: What are you talking about?

Ray: Well, if captain say nothing I ain’t gonna say nothing Because old Ray sealed up tight as a drum you ain’t got nothin’ out of me, no!

Tiana: Ray?

Ray: Okay, captain ain’t gonna marry Charlotte, he gonna marry you! Soon as he get himself kissed, and you both turn human, he go find a job, get you that restaurant.... I said too much, didn’t I?

Tiana: You said just enough, Ray! Thank you, Evangeline. He was trying to propose, that’s what all that fun was about. And here I thought, all he wanted was to marry a rich girl.

Ray: Rhat are we looking for in here?

Tiana: You just keep your eyes at one of of the biggest godies float with a Mardi Gras princess about to kissed herself a …a frog.

Dear beloved, we are gathered here tonight in this fine celebration to join together this prince and this young woman in holy matrimony.

Ray: Oh, no, this can’t be right, darlin’. Then how you can still be a frog? Mama Odie…she’s…

Ray: I know what we’ve seen with our eyes but… If we just go back there, we gonna find that your fairy tale come true.

Tiana: Just because you wish for somethin’, doesn’t make it true.

Ray: It’s like my Evangeline always said to me …

Tiana: Evangeline is nothing but a star, Ray! A big ball of hot air a million miles from here. Open your eyes now! Before you get hurted.

Ray: She’s just big in a broken heart… That’s all it is. Come on Evangeline. We gonna show chere the truth.

If any of you, object to the union of this two people speak now or forever hold your peace.

Naveen: Me, Me, I object!

Do you, Prince Naveen, take Charlotte to be your wife …

Ray: Cap, what are you doing, son?

…as long as you both shall live?

Lawerence: What? I do … Yes, I’m for it.

Ray: Is that you, cap?

Naveen: Ray, get me out of this box!

Ray: I can’t hear you, I’ll go get you out of this box.

…as long as you both shall live?

Charlotte: Oh, I do.

Then so, by the power invested in me by the state of Louisiana ,I now pronounce you … Man and. ..

Charlotte: Prince Naveen!

Charlotte: Goodness gracious! Are you all right?

Lawrence: I just need a moment to compose myself.

Charlotte: Cheese and crackers!

Naveen: Lawrence, why are you doing this?

Lawrence: It’s payback for all those years of… Humiliation.

Dr. Facilier: Get your royal rump back on that wedding cake and finish this deal. What is he doing? Stop him!

Ray: I got him. it got me too!

Lawremce: Let go of that.

Dr. Facilier: Stay out of sight!

Louis: Ray?

Hey, why did you stop?

He's a real gator!

Ray: Chere! Chere!

Tiana: Ray?

Ray: This proves what we saw ain’t what we thought we saw.

Tiana: What is this?

Ray: It’s a voodoo hayacail! The Shadow Man, he’s been usin’ it for the... You can’t let Shadow Man get this, no matter what. Now run girl, run! Do not make me light my butt! I'm going to get you1 I got a lot more of me! Come here, you! Who's next?

Louis: Ray! What … Ray?

Tiana: Back off or I’m gonna break this into a million pieces!

Tiana: Naveen?

Dr. Facilier: Now, isn’t this whole life better than hoppin’ around bayou for the rest of your life?

Tiana: Shadow Man?

Dr. Facilier: Got a head to you, Tiana. When you dream, you dream big. Just look at this place! Gonna be the crown jewel of the Crescent City. And all you got to do, to make this reality It’s handle that little talisman of mine.

Tiana: No. This-this is not right.

Dr. Facilier: Come on, darlin’. Think of everything you sacrificed.

Girl, all you ever do is work.

I told y’all she wouldn’t come.

Dr. Facilier: Think of all those maecenas who doubted you.

You ain’t never gonna get enough for the dang payment.

Woman of your background, you better off will y’all.

Dr. Facilier: And don’t forget your poor Daddy. Now, that was one hard working man.

See you tomorrow, James!

Dr. Facilier: Double, sometimes triple shifts. Never let know how bone tired, beat darlin’ really was.

Daddy!

Hey, baby cakes.

Dr. Facilier: Shame on that hard work, didn’t amount much more than a busted up, old gumbo pot and a dream that never get off the back porch. But you? You can give your poor Daddy everything he ever wanted. Come on, Tiana. You’re almost there.

Tiana: My Daddy never did get what he wanted. But he had what he needed. He had love. Never lost a sight what was really important.

Dr, Falcilier: Easy with that! Careful!

Tiana: And neither will I.

[Tiana tries to smash the charm on the ground, but fails when Facilier's shadow grabs it and gives it back to Dr. Facilier, who then turns Tiana back into a frog]

Dr. Facilier: Y'all shoulda taken ma deal. [pins Tiana down with his cane] Now, you're gonna spend the rest o' your life bein' a slimy little frog! [laughs]

Tiana: [grins] I got news for you, Shadow Man. It's not slime, it's mucus! [She grabs the charm with her tongue, and when Dr. Facilier gasps, Tiana smashes it on the ground.]

Dr. Facilier: No! NO!! [He picks up the remains and gasps in horror as colorful lights flicker around him. Tiana hides] How am I ever gonna pay back my debt?! [3 masks break out of some gravestones, chanting]

Masks: Bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom...

Dr. Facilier: [smiling nervously] Friends...!

Masks: [smiling evilly] ...Bom, bom, bom, bom. Are you reeeeady?

Dr. Facilier: No! I'm not ready at all! In fact, I got lots more plans!

Shrunken heads: Are you reeeeady?

Dr. Facilier: This is just a... minor setback in a major operation! [Voodoo dolls burst out of the ground, carrying drumsticks. Facilier shrieks] Soon, as I whip up another spell, we'll be back in business! I've still got that froggy prince locked away. [He backs up against a tombstone with his shadow hiding behind him] I just need a little more time! [The tombstone transforms into a huge, demonic mask. Facilier squeals] No, no, please, no! [a demon grabs his shadow and starts to pull him toward the mask's mouth. Facilier yelps in surprise] Just a little more time! [The demons chant and bang on drums] I promise I'll pay y'all back! I PROMISE!

[He screams in fear when he ends up being pulled into the mask's mouth along with the other demons. The mouth shuts. The smoke clears revealing the tombstone with his shocked face above FACILIER which is engraved on it]

Charlotte: Prince! Prince Naveen! Your shy and retirin’ bride to be completely is gettin’ antsy! [slams open the door]

Lawrence: Hello, darling!

Charlotte: AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!

[Lawrence screama and runs away dropping Naveen.]

Naveen: Miss La Bouff, Please down here. Let me to introduce myself. I am the real Prince Naveen! [Charlotte swats him with her book] Of Maldonia.

Charlotte: Did you say prince?

Big Daddy: Boys, drag this maggot down to the Parish prison.

Lawrence: I’m completely innocent. The Shadow Man bamboozled me.

[Meanwhile, Charlotte is listening to Naveen story of what happened.]

Charlotte: Goodness gracious! This is so much to absorb. Let me see if I got this right. If I kiss you before midnight, you and Tiana will turn human again, and then we gonna get ourselves married and live happily ever after! The end!

Naveen: Yeah, more or less. But remember, you must give Tiana all the money she requires for her restaurant. Because Tiana … She is my Evangeline.

Charlotte: Anything you want, sugar. Pucker up, buttercup!

Tiana: Wait!

Naveen: Tiana?

Charlotte: Tiana?

Tiana: Don’t do this.

Naveen: I have to do this and we are running out of time!

Tiana: I won’t let you!

Naveen: It’s the only way to get you your dream!

Tiana: My dream? My dream wouldn’t be complete without you in it. I love you, Naveen.

Naveen: Warts and all?

Tiana: Warts and all.

Charlotte: All my life, I read about true love and fairytales, and… Tia, you found it! I’ll kiss him! For you, honey! No marriage required. Oh my word! M-maybe that ol’ clock’s a little fast! I’m so sorry.

Louis: Tiana! Naveen!

Naveen: Louis, what is it?

Louis: Shadow Man done laid poor Ray low!

Tiana: Ray...

Louis: He’s hurtin’ awful bad.

Ray: [final breaths] Hey, chere... How come, y’all still…

Tiana: We are stayin’ frogs, Ray.

Naveen: And we are stayin’ together.

Ray: Oh, I like that very much. Evangeline like that too.

So, by the power invested in me … I now pronounce you frog and wife. Get to it, Hop Lone, and give your lovely bride some sugar. Congratulations!

This gonna be good!

Mama Odie: Like I told y’all, kissing a princess breaks the spell.

Naveen: Once you became my wife, that made you...

Tiana: A princess. You just kissed yourself a princess!

Naveen: And I’m about to do it again.

! In the South Land there’s A city Way down on the river Where the women are very pretty And all the men deliver They got music It’s always playin’ Start in the day time, go all through the night When you hear that music playin’ Hear what I’m saying and make it feel alright

Charlotte: Who would’ve thought the prince would've had a younger brother. How old did you say you were?

I’m six and a half.

Charlotte: Well, I've waited this long.

Grab somebody, come on down Bring your paintbrush, we’re painting the town There’s some sweetness going around Dreams do come true in New Orleans.